examples: RAG chatbot with lancedb, dlt, opentelemetry (#345)
DAGWorks-Inc/burr: examples/rag-lancedb-ingestion/README.md

> # Burr RAG with LanceDB and dlt document ingestion

Reviewer: if this is conversational RAG - can you put it under `/coversational-rag/` please?

Author: the way we have our `/examples` repository setup, it's not obvious that there are "nested examples", which hinders discoverability. Maybe we should adopt a flat / "1 layer deep" examples layout?

We hit a similar problem with Hamilton where `examples/data_quality` includes core and pandera, but people quickly browsing examples looking for a pandera integration might never find it

Reviewer: or we always have some suffix/prefix.

Reviewer: but otherwise with RAG in particular, a subdirectory for RAG I think is reasonable for people to see and look.

Problem of too much top level is that it's easy to miss things...

Author: I'll resolve the issue for now as we can always refactor directory structure

This example shows how to build a chatbot with RAG over Substack blogs (or any RSS feed) stored into LanceDB.

![burr ui](burr-ui.gif)

> Burr UI brings a new level of observability to your RAG application via OpenTelemetry

> Burr + [LanceDB](https://lancedb.github.io/lancedb/) constitute a powerful, but lightweight combo to build retrieval-augmented generative (RAG) agents. LanceDB makes it easy to swap embedding provider, and hides this concerns from the Burr application layer. For this example, we'll be using [OpenAI](https://github.com/openai/openai-python) for embedding and response generation.

Reviewer 2: Justify Burr a little more maybe?

By leveraging the [Burr integration with OpenTelemetry](https://blog.dagworks.io/p/building-generative-ai-agent-based), we get full visibility into the OpenAI API requests/responses and the LanceDB operations for free.

To ingest data, we use [dlt and its LanceDB integration](https://dlthub.com/devel/dlt-ecosystem/destinations/lancedb), which makes it very simple to query, embed, and store blogs from the web into LanceDB tables.

## Content

> - `notebook.ipynb` contains a tutorial

Reviewer 2: Needs __init__.py (no need to mention here) to pass the tests. All are required to be importable, theoretically.

# Burr RAG with LanceDB and dlt document ingestion

This example shows how to build a chatbot with RAG over Substack blogs (or any RSS feed) stored into LanceDB.

![burr ui](burr-ui.gif)

> Burr UI brings a new level of observability to your RAG application via OpenTelemetry

> Burr + [LanceDB](https://lancedb.github.io/lancedb/) constitute a powerful, but lightweight combo to build retrieval-augmented generative (RAG) agents. Burr allows to define complex agents in an easy-to-understand and debug manner. It also provides all the right features to help you productionize agents including: monitoring, storing interactions, streaming, and a powerful open-source UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Burr + [LanceDB](https://lancedb.github.io/lancedb/) constitute a powerful, but lightweight combo to build retrieval-augmented generative (RAG) agents. Burr allows to define complex agents in an easy-to-understand and debug manner. It also provides all the right features to help you productionize agents including: monitoring, storing interactions, streaming, and a fully featured open-source UI.
```
I hate the term "powerful".

> LanceDB makes it easy to swap embedding provider, and hides this concerns from the Burr application layer. For this example, we'll be using [OpenAI](https://github.com/openai/openai-python) for embedding and response generation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
LanceDB makes it easy to swap embedding providers, and hides this concern from the Burr application layer. For this example, we'll be using [OpenAI](https://github.com/openai/openai-python) for embedding and response generation.
```
